D&D Treasure Item Clip Art
(http://greywolf.critter.net/ad&d/clipart.htm)

This zip file contains a number of JPEG sketches of treasure items, meant to be used to decorate "treasure card" hand-outs for use in D&D or other fantasy RPGs.  (This way, you can print off important information ahead of time, such as name and description of the item, and obvious characteristics such as weight.  Such handouts can also be handy to write down page references to the Players' Handbook.  You may want to have "unidentified" and "identified" versions of cards of magic items, so you can reveal an item's magical properties only once they have been discovered.)

These sketches are provided free for personal use only.  They are not intended for any sort of publication (including use on web pages).  Except where indicated otherwise, these images are all copyright (c) 2004 by T. Jordan Peacock.

(email: mecha@gate.net)

Contents of this zip file:

instrument-fiddle-grig.jpg          - Grig's Fiddle
armor-angelic.jpg                   - Angelic Armor
armor-breastplate.jpg               - Leather Breastplate
armor-bug.jpg                       - Chitinous (Bug) Armor
armor-copper-dragon.jpg             - Copper Dragon Armor
armor-dragonscale.jpg               - Dragonscale Armor
armor-full-plate.jpg                - Full Plate Armor
armor-half-plate.jpg                - Half Plate Armor
armor-heavy-scale.jpg               - Heavy Scale Armor
armor-hide.jpg                      - Hide Armor
armor-leather.jpg                   - Leather Armor
armor-leggings.jpg                  - Boiled Leather Leggings
armor-oriental.jpg                  - Oriental Armor
armor-plate-holy.jpg                - Holy Plate Armor
armor-plate-horned.jpg              - Horned Plate Armor
armor-plate-robes.jpg               - Plate Armor with Robes
armor-robes.jpg                     - Robed Armor
armor-rogue.jpg                     - Rogue's Armor
armor-splint.jpg                    - Splint Armor
armor-studded-leather.jpg           - Studded Leather Armor
armor-warrioress.jpg                - Warrioress's Armor
armor-winter-scale.jpg              - Winter Scale Armor
bracers-angelic.jpg                 - Angelic Bracers
bracers-armor.jpg                   - Bracers of Armor
gauntlet-bladed.jpg                 - Bladed Gauntlet
gauntlet-bronze.jpg                 - Bronze Gauntlet
gauntlet-claws.jpg                  - Claw Gauntlet
gauntlet-gem.jpg                    - Gem-Studded Gauntlet
gauntlet-leather-studded.jpg        - Studded Leather Gauntlet
gauntlet-lightfinger.jpg            - Lightfinger Gloves/Gauntlets
helmet-angelic.jpg                  - Angelic Helmet
helmet-coif.jpg                     - Chainmail Coif
helmet-conical.jpg                  - Conical Helm
helmet-cooking-pot.jpg              - Cooking Pot / Helmet
helmet-dragon.jpg                   - Dragon Helm (Art by Liana Lavoie)
helmet-dragonskull.jpg              - Dragon Skull Helmet
helmet-gladiator.jpg                - Gladiator's Helm
helmet-infernal.jpg                 - Infernal Helm
helmet-oni.jpg                      - Oni Mask Kabuto
helmet-vargouille.jpg               - Vargouille Helm (Art by Liana Lavoie)
helmet-winged.jpg                   - Winged Helmet
shield-dragon.jpg                   - Dragon Shield
shield-fortress.jpg                 - Fortress Shield
shield-hieroneous.jpg               - Shield of Hieroneous
shield-horror.jpg                   - Horror Shield
shield-infernal-beast.jpg           - Infernal Beast Shield
shield-kord.jpg                     - Shield of Kord
shield-rune-eye.jpg                 - Rune Eye Shield
shield-sigil.jpg                    - Sigil Shield
shield-skull.jpg                    - Skull Shield
